README.md, before:

# <img src="public/images/logo2.png" alt="SkillRise.me Logo" width="64" height="64" style="vertical-align:middle; margin-right:8px;"/> SkillRise.me

SkillRise.me is a modern digital learning platform offering AI-powered courses, guides, and tools focused on health, productivity, and personal growth. All products are digital-only and delivered instantly online—no shipping required.

## Features

- Self-paced, actionable mini-courses and guides
- Productivity and personal growth tools
- Instant online access to all digital products
- Modern, responsive UI built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS
- Professional legal and policy pages (Terms, Privacy, Refund, Contact)
- Simple, secure contact form (powered by FormSubmit)
- Consistent brand design and user experience

## Getting Started

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project using the App Router and Tailwind CSS.

### Development

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn install && yarn dev
# or
pnpm install && pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the site.

### Editing Content

- Main landing page: `app/(default)/page.tsx`
- Hero section: `components/hero-home.tsx`
- Footer: `components/ui/footer.tsx`
- Header: `components/ui/header.tsx`
- Policy pages: `app/resources/`
- Company pages: `app/company/`

### Contact & Support

For questions, support, or feedback, email: [support@skillrise.me](mailto:support@skillrise.me)

Contact form submissions are handled via [FormSubmit.co](https://formsubmit.co/).

## Deployment

Deploy easily to [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) or your preferred Next.js hosting provider.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

**Summary:**

- You can use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for personal or commercial purposes.
- You must include the original copyright notice and license in any copies.
- The software is provided "as is" without warranty—use at your own risk.

## About

SkillRise.me is developed and operated by [New Chapter Technology LLC](https://newchapter.tech), a web and mobile development company based in Pinedale, Wyoming, USA.

---

**Rise with New Skills.**

Commit message:

Update license from MIT to Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International, and revise README.md to reflect new licensing terms and conditions.

README.md, after:

# <img src="public/images/logo2.png" alt="SkillRise.me Logo" width="64" height="64" style="vertical-align:middle; margin-right:8px;"/> SkillRise.me

SkillRise.me is a modern digital learning platform offering AI-powered courses, guides, and tools focused on health, productivity, and personal growth. All products are digital-only and delivered instantly online—no shipping required.

## Features

- Self-paced, actionable mini-courses and guides
- Productivity and personal growth tools
- Instant online access to all digital products
- Modern, responsive UI built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS
- Professional legal and policy pages (Terms, Privacy, Refund, Contact)
- Simple, secure contact form (powered by FormSubmit)
- Consistent brand design and user experience

## Getting Started

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project using the App Router and Tailwind CSS.

### Development

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn install && yarn dev
# or
pnpm install && pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the site.

### Editing Content

- Main landing page: `app/(default)/page.tsx`
- Hero section: `components/hero-home.tsx`
- Footer: `components/ui/footer.tsx`
- Header: `components/ui/header.tsx`
- Policy pages: `app/resources/`
- Company pages: `app/company/`

### Contact & Support

For questions, support, or feedback, email: [support@skillrise.me](mailto:support@skillrise.me)

Contact form submissions are handled via [FormSubmit.co](https://formsubmit.co/).

## Deployment

Deploy easily to [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) or your preferred Next.js hosting provider.

## License

This project is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).

**Summary:**

- You may copy and redistribute this software for non-commercial purposes only.
- You must give appropriate credit and may not modify or create derivative works.
- Commercial use and modification are not permitted.
- The software is provided "as is" without warranty—use at your own risk.

## About

SkillRise.me is developed and operated by [New Chapter Technology LLC](https://newchapter.tech), a web and mobile development company based in Pinedale, Wyoming, USA.

---

**Rise with New Skills.**
